fix(CONTRIBUTING.md): updates rules of collaboration (#82)
fyusuf-a/ft_transcendence: CONTRIBUTING.md

- When you are done with your changes, rebase from `origin/master` and squash commits sensibly. Give a commit description that describes your changes accurately. Use [the conventional commits standard](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/). You can find example of scopes in your git history (`git log`).
- Make a Pull Request (PR) on GitHub.
- You have to pass the automated tests before asking for a review. If you fail them, commit and push a fix on the same branch, the tests will be rerun.
- Ask for 1 reviews on Discord, the reviewer should assign himself to the PR
- Wait for the review
- The reviewer discusses your code. Discuss and/or make the suggested changes. All conversations must be resolved before merging.

> - If all the conversations are resolved, all the tests pass and one reviewer approved your PR, you could theoretically merge your work with `master`. But please respect an interval of 24 hours after you initiate your PR for another collaborator volunteering to review your work. They should assign themselves to the PR and send a message on Discord to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each PR should be open for at least 24 hours to give additional collaborators a chance to review your work if they choose to do so. They should assign themselves to the PR and send a message on Discord.
- Once all reviews are complete, all the conversations are resolved, all the tests pass, and at least one reviewer has approved your PR, you can merge your work with `master`.
```
